Since you know the truth, why don't you just tell us?
I should have told you directly,
It was my fault.
Brother, he is the biggest loser in everything.
Even if my wife tells you, they will find other ways to succeed.
Yes. solutions to problems,
Not blow him up. Taking advantage of innocent people.
Who said I was going to blow up the car?
Wouldn't it be easier for him to blow up this beast?
My bomb can only hit people,
It wouldn't kill anyone, let alone leave such a big car behind.
Sure enough, two bombs were used
How did that car explode?
There's another bomb
Just fry it slowly
I even got off the car and there are
You guys from the bottom of society
Living is also a punishment
Write a book for my son
Is your Rong Xing Lu Sheng
You harmed many daughters
You must die well
We are optimistic enough
No one is getting off the bus
Who has a bomb up there?
I put it there
This bus company didn't want to take me there
Still too tender
I belong to Dao San
Just go to hell